---
title: "Academia"
date: 2022-07-25T22:59:13+02:00
draft: true
---

# Academia

## Education

I have my Bachelor's degree and Master's degree in physics from the
University of Copenhagen.  
After a year as a physics and math teacher at Slagelse Gymnasium, I
decided to go back to Academia.  
I am currently a Ph.D. student in the [PandemiX
group.](https://ruc.dk/research-centre/pandemix-center) at RUC, doing
mathematical modelling of evolution and dynamics of infectious
diseases.  
You can find my ORCID [here](/contact/index.html).

## [Publications](publications.html)

I have compiled a list of [my publications](publications.html), that I
maintain.

## [Notes](/text/notes/index.html)

The notes that exists on this site, are notes written primarily for my
own sake. In this way, I can check that I have actually understood a
subject, while saving and communicating this knowledge. You are free to
use these notes for any non-commercial use you see fit. My notes on are
accessible [here](/text/notes/index.html).

## [Mathematics](/academia/mathematics.html)

I have studied mathematics alongside my education in physics, and since
I originally aspired to work in theoretical quantum information, much of
the mathematics I picked up along the way, is tangential to quantum
theory. Since my focus changed to mathematical modelling of infectious
diseases, much of recent education in mathematics have been
characterized by applied mathematics, graph theory, adaptive dynamics,
complex and stochasic modelling, and dynamical systems.

## [Physics](/academia/physics.html)

I received a masters degree in physics from University of Copenhagen in
2017.

## [Epidemiology and disease modelling](/academia/epidemiology.html)

In may 2020, during the first months of lockdown in Denmark due to the
COVID-19 pandemic, I became scientific assistant at RUC, under Viggo
Andreasen and Lone Simonsen. By November 2020, I became a PhD student
under Viggo Andreasen to investigate "The impact of heterogeneity on the
transmission dynamics of epidemic diseases" in the research group
PandemiX at RUC. I have as well as studying this very broad subject,
also assisted and participating in writing reports to SSI for further
assessment, as a part of the [PandemiX
group.](https://ruc.dk/research-centre/pandemix-center) Some of these
reports can be seen under [my publications](publications.html)

## Programming

Through my education in physics, not much programming were
(surprisingly) needed. After I were actually in an environment in which
I needed to APPLY knowledge (shocks\!) to disease modelling, I have
become much more comfortable both with programming and computers. Beside
the now over 10-ish years I have with Python and \\LaTeX that (almost)
every physicist eventually will acquire, I have also now, during the
last 5-ish years, dipped my toes in C, C++. Git and Ansible, with which
I am also familiarizing myself, are not programming languages, but tools
for version-control and automation respectively, which are indispensable
for programming. HTML do not count as programming (and neither do
\\LaTeX, but for some reason it seems like a lot of people find \\LaTeX
much more difficult than HTML). You are of course welcome to check out
some of my projects on my repository
[here](https://github.com/chrberrig), but i warn you; Its an unholy
mess\!

## Outreach

I have also done quite a bit in science communication and outreach, both
in regard to mathematics and physics.

### Copenhagen Science Slam

Like poetry slam, but with short science-talks. I won in 2011, with the
special theory of relativity, and after that assisted in arranging a
couple of science slams.

### Matematikcenter

I have been a volunteer at Matematikcenter, a non-profit organization
for homework-help and teaching in mathematics targeted at high-school
students. In that process, I have recorded some 30-ish videos, that can
be viewed on [Matematikcenters
channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0Et2H2140L8cNaT4XPgnrQ).
