---
title: "Epidemiology"
date: 2022-07-25T21:44:23+02:00
draft: true
---

In may 2020, during the first months of lockdown in Denmark due to the
COVID-19 pandemic, I became scientific assistant at RUC, under Viggo
Andreasen and Lone Simonsen. By November 2020, I became a PhD student
under Viggo Andreasen to investigate "The impact of heterogeneity on the
transmission dynamics of epidemic diseases" in the research group
PandemiX at RUC. I have as well as studying this very broad subject,
also assisted and participating in writing reports to SSI for further
assessment, as a part of the [PandemiX group](https://ruc.dk/research-centre/pandemix-center). Some of these reports can
be seen under [my publications](publications.html)

<!--more-->

## Areas of research

### Diseases on random graphs and structured networks

One of my investigations regarding heterogeneity in infectious diseases
are disease dynamics on random graphs and structured networks. This is
of particular interest due to the fact, that the transition between
SIR-type models and pair-formation models to social structures of more
complex designs, such as random graphs with additional structures such
as e.g. clustering, are generally not very well understood. Furthermore,
the interplay between inhomogeneities in social structures and
inhomogeneities in the biological factors of disease transmission, such
as infectivity and recovery rates, are not perfectly understood as well,
although [some progress on this front has recently been
done](https://journals.aps.org/prl/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevLett.126.118301)
by some very smart people from PandemiX.

### Simulation of large structured networks

Some aspects of disease dynamics on structured networks are well
understood analytically, like <span class="math">R0</span> are quite
well understood, while the dynamics over longer timescales might not be.
For such problems, simulations are another strategy to achieve results,
although one is not ensured new insights by employing this strategy.
Simulations of large populations can pose challenges, due to the
associated complexity, but are very useful for statistical purposes.
