---
title: "Software"
date: 2022-07-29T19:54:17+02:00
draft: true
---

# Software

## Software Projects

I have a few small software projects that I am working on. Mostly it is
for my own sake to keep in shape in regards to programming, but if
anyone would like to benefit from what I have done so far, they are
welcome to do so :)  
I currently have a [github](https://github.com/chrberrig) page, where
you can access my code, which is (in accordance with my views on free
software) licensed under GPL. My plan is to eventually move my projects
to a remote repo that is not economically dependent on Micro$oft, or any
of the other digital enslavement organizations.

### Free software, privacy, digital slavery, and democracy

I have become fairly involved in the cause of Free software. I am a
member of the currently functioning society for free software in Denmark
"Fri software netv√¶rk" that is independent of both
[FSF](https://www.fsf.org/) and [EFF](https://www.eff.org/), but pretty
aligned in their causes.  
My function in this society so far have been in outreach and
communication, which I enjoy. This have in particular been focusing on
high-school students as an awareness campaign.

I believe (I don't try to preach, you are totally entitled to your own
opinion, man), that the current way of how the web functions, is
somewhere in-between economically and democratically unsustainable, to
problematic. The way platforms in particular incentivise people to
become dependent of their "services". The role social media have taken
as a form of privatized public space in digital format, is from my point
of view currently enslaving its users in the digital space. Thus, I dub
the far majority of the large tech-companies "Digital enslavement
organizations".
